Find a name, what do you want me to do?
I've already told you. That project is the direction of our Lanxia Group,
It is impossible to transfer it to you.
Also a big beauty,
I've moved you, come on, break it!
If it is no longer necessary, it will be judged and released.
This man made a building according to his plan, two, two, two, two, two, two, two
Two, two, two, three, three, three, three, three, three
Three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three
Three, three, three, three, three, three
I'll take it out for you and exchange it for you. No need.
I have a major project
If there are more, I will send them to you.
He said that young people are in danger
facing them
Don't talk to you
Others, you go
Do you think you two have the right to talk?
I'm just my sister-in-law there
Since you are really not scheduled
Then no need